psalm 67:2 the chief musician on
psalm 67:2 the chief musician on stringed instruments a psalm a song god
stringed instruments a psalm a song god
stringed instruments a psalm a song god be merciful to us and bless us and cause
be merciful to us and bless us and cause
be merciful to us and bless us and cause his face to shine upon us that your way
his face to shine upon us that your way
his face to shine upon us that your way may be known on earth your salvation
may be known on earth your salvation
may be known on earth your salvation among all nations let the peoples praise
among all nations let the peoples praise
among all nations let the peoples praise you O God let all the peoples praise you
you O God let all the peoples praise you
you O God let all the peoples praise you o let the nation's be glad and sing for
o let the nation's be glad and sing for
o let the nation's be glad and sing for joy or you shall judge the people
joy or you shall judge the people
joy or you shall judge the people righteously and govern the nations on
righteously and govern the nations on
righteously and govern the nations on earth let the peoples praise you O God
earth let the peoples praise you O God
earth let the peoples praise you O God let all the peoples praise you and the
let all the peoples praise you and the
let all the peoples praise you and the earth shall yield her increase God our
earth shall yield her increase God our
earth shall yield her increase God our own God shall bless us God shall bless
own God shall bless us God shall bless
own God shall bless us God shall bless us and all the ends of the earth shall
us and all the ends of the earth shall
us and all the ends of the earth shall fear him
fear him
fear him [Music]